A. BPMN_Validation:
1. How to check the input is valid BPMN2 model?
2. How to check for non-allowed elements in the model? What elements are not allowed?
2.1 Intermediate Events !!??
2.2 How to check satisfies all constraints?
3. If there are more than one stateful data object, how to create a copy of the model for each data object? 
using flock migration?
4. How to break or exit from the execution of the program when certain conditions happens? (claim example)
(flock when an object has no incoming/outgoing and no unique activity/event node, exit and show information for user)
5. How to generate unique ID for created elements?
6. How to migrate the guard condition in the sequence flow?
7. Do I need to add the new migrated elements (ObjectNode, ObjectFlow, SequenceFlow, ..) if the element is new or no?
8. Do we need the empty migrate for Event and activity?
9. Does BPMN allow multiple incoming/outgoing sequence flows for events as well?
10. Filtering rules how to preserve the guards (R2 & R9)?
11. Filtering rules needs to clone (for loop) to modify elements in the loop?
12. Rule R5 simple path between AND gateways?
13. Collection equality (Bag, Sequence)? R9, R10?
14. If in ANT workflow tasks: metamodelfile="metamodels/BPMN20.ecore" is used without
metamodeluri="http://www.omg.org/spec/BPMN/20100524/MODEL-XMI"
The validation EVL model will not parse the input (no error but no data); opposite is fine.
15. Problem when registering the file BPMN20.ecore??? only after closing and opening eclipse again it works? 
Issue with EPackage registery or what??
16. What is this generated after flock migration and saving output as .pm file:
<ecore:EStringToStringMapEntry key="" value="bpmn2"> ...
17. Pass input file to the workflow task: GUI, cmd ?? Run as sample workspace JRE!!
18. Copy output files during phases execution, for checking and testing
19. Graphical editor for the new simplified metamodels.
20. What if the same state name is used again in the process?
21. What about loops? if an element is migrated?
22. Validation: if data object is not connected!! 
23. Preprocessing: if unique node has multiple object flows: fail??!!
24. Why match, do, match, do (EPL execution semantics)
25. Rule for redundant direct connections (2, more) between XOR gateways.
26. traceability links from the filtered pm (elements) to the state chart (initial) elements.
27. unsafe petri nets??
28. transition labels.
29. transition/hyberEdge names (equivalent)?
30. Apply and rule twice?? reduced_result overriden by second rule? 
how to remove the current processed transition (AND)? Transitions parent?
31. need to have name for all places. unique?
32. How to get the pseudostates from SCH, especially XOR?
33. what is the single State generated!!?? Yes, it was for topState-- solved.
34. Global variable in EOL (Map)!!??
35. how to include other ant files??